Niagara Falls is one of the most popular tourist attractions in the world.       1  
I visited Niagara Falls last year and it was amazing!       1  
The history of Niagara Falls is fascinating.       1  
I'm planning a trip to Niagara Falls this summer.       1  
The weather in Niagara Falls is supposed to be bad this weekend.     0
I don't like waterfalls  so I'm not interested in Niagara Falls.     0
Niagara Falls is not as impressive as some other waterfalls I've seen.     0
I heard that there's a good pizza place near Niagara Falls.     0
Niagara Falls is located on the border between the United States and Canada.       1  
The Niagara River flows from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario.       1  
Niagara Falls is made up of three waterfalls: the American Falls  the Bridal Veil Falls  and the Horseshoe Falls.       1  
Niagara Falls is a major source of hydroelectric power for the surrounding area.      1  
The first person to go over Niagara Falls in a barrel and survive was Annie Edson Taylor in 1901.             1  
Niagara Falls has been the backdrop for several Hollywood movies  including Superman II and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.       1  
Niagara Falls is surrounded by several parks  including Niagara Falls State Park in New York and Queen Victoria Park in Ontario.      1  
Niagara Falls has been a popular destination for honeymooners for over a century.     1  
Niagara Falls has been a site of religious significance for several indigenous peoples in the region for centuries.       1   Niagara Falls has been the site of several high-wire stunts  including Nik Wallenda's 2012 tightrope walk across the Horseshoe Falls.      1  
I prefer mountains to waterfalls  so I'm not interested in visiting Niagara Falls.    0
I'm more interested in exploring the city of Toronto than visiting Niagara Falls.     0
I'm a history buff  so I'm more interested in visiting historical sites than natural landmarks like Niagara Falls.     0
I'm not a big fan of crowds  so I try to avoid tourist hotspots like Niagara Falls.   0
I'm more interested in sampling local cuisine than visiting Niagara Falls.     0
I don't like getting wet  so I'm not interested in taking a boat tour of Niagara Falls.    0
I'm not interested in spending money on a tourist attraction like Niagara Falls.    0
I'm more interested in outdoor activities like hiking and camping than visiting Niagara Falls.     0
I'm not a big fan of amusement parks  so I'm not interested in visiting the attractions near Niagara Falls.    0
I'm more interested in cultural experiences like museums and art galleries than visiting Niagara Falls.     0
